Refactor(eos_validate_state): Refactor validation-report generation (#1493)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/eos_validate_state/README.md

# Only support default and github
validate_state_markdown_flavor: "default"

> # Fabric Name. Required to run the validation role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Fabric Name, required to match Ansible Group name covering all devices in the Fabric | Required and **must** be an inventory group name.
```

> fabric_name: "{{ fabric_name | arista.avd.default(all) }}"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fabric_name: "{{ fabric_name | arista.avd.default('all') }}"
```

# Allow different manufacturers
accepted_xcvr_manufacturers: "{{ validation_role.xcvr_own_manufacturers | arista.avd.default(['Arastra, Inc.', 'Arista Networks']) }}"

# Generate CSV results file
validation_report_csv: "{{ validation_role.validation_report_csv | arista.avd.default(true) }}"

# Generate MD results file
validation_report_md: "{{ validation_role.validation_report_md | arista.avd.default(true) }}"

# Print only FAILED tests
only_failed_tests: "{{ validation_role.only_failed_tests | arista.avd.default(false) }}"
```
The variable fabric_name is required to generate the report. This variable is automatically set on eos_designs. If this role is not used, the user can select its own name. If it is not defined, it is set to all, so it will accept all variables.

Keep in mind that default accepted manufacturers are "Arastra, Inc." and "Arista Networks". If validation_role.xcvr_own_manufacturers is set, it takes precedence and overrides the defined default variables.

> There are two user-defined variables that control the generation of CSV and MD reports. These are validation_role.validation_report_csv and validation_role.validation_report_md respectively.

Reviewer: These variable names do not match the variables used in `when` in the tasks

Author: No, but this is the same way for accepted_xcvr_manufacturers. The user can define the validation_role.xcvr_own_manufacturers and this is changed in the main.yml for the defult if not defined: 
```accepted_xcvr_manufacturers: "{{ validation_role.xcvr_own_manufacturers | arista.avd.default(['Arastra, Inc.', 'Arista Networks']) }}"```
This is consistent with what we did for XCVR manufacturers.

Reviewer: The case for XCVR was a little different, because it is referenced multiple places in the tests, and we wanted to maintain this default list one place. I have done suggestions for moving the report toggle logic to the "when" in the tasks.

Author: Sounds good!

# Allow different manufacturers
accepted_xcvr_manufacturers: "{{ validation_role.xcvr_own_manufacturers | arista.avd.default(['Arastra, Inc.', 'Arista Networks']) }}"

> 

Reviewer: We rely on `fabric_name` being set to the same as a group covering all the devices.
a. We add a default value `fabric_name: all` to the role defaults
b. We add documentation for this variable (just copy the section from eos_designs on `fabric_name`)
